children of all ages it's the Harrell of
action Jimmy said today's topic is on
free weights versus machines and what is
better for fat loss and what is better
for muscle growth just do not get it
twisted I tell you that every time keep
it simple what's better well the answer
is actually pretty simple guys what's
better is what works what works that's
the interaction guys I don't care what
it is as long as gets results that's
what matters let's get after it so
things both work the only rule I have
for weight training for building myself
or anybody that is that you have to have
progression are you progressing on your
cardio are you lifting heavier weights
this week than you were last week that
is all i care about i care about nothing
else so guys do what you love but get
stronger but to get stronger and it's
easier to get stronger with free weights
so we talked about progression and one
of the biggest waste of progression
these strength increases whether you're
adding more weight to the bar or are you
doing extra wet wrap the best way to do
that is with fruit free weights you can
get a whole lot stronger on the deadlift
then you can a hammer shrug for example
but I want you to train what you want to
Train I honestly train my legs I do
squats and power cleans and deadlifts
but i'm going to say only having a leg
routine i don't have to accept enjoy
doing it so there's at times
specifically later in your workout is
better to work with machines since
nerely your body's just toast let's take
a typical chest workout you go in there
you get three or four sets of an incline
dumbbell press then maybe you go a flat
barbell or flat dumbbell press then
maybe you go an incline dumbbell or
incline barbell press where you didn't
do earlier by that time you need to go
to the cables you need to go to the
hammer strength machine on the pectic
that's all your body is going to be
ready for so at times leading your
workout it's better to work machines
because neroli you're tired but guys it
doesn't matter what you use there's no
substitute for hard work if you're gonna
do an almost machine work out for
example little cable arm workout if
you're working hard if you're doing drop
sets if you're progressing if you're
busting your butt you're going to get
results so don't let anybody that wears
the right these online programs or
people that are on YouTube that don't
even train they're just too chubby guys
jack guys in front of a computer go but
people tell you that one is better than
the other there's not do what feels
better for yourself and get results if
you need diet help guys check out the
physique
you can instantly download everything
right now no shipping charge no wait
times then let nonsense a 10 day trial
for each for dollar ninety-five cents if
you like it keep it if not you never pay
a dime as always guys subscribe above
comment below and hit up your boy for
consulting 12-8 forward programs have a
good day guys deuces later